README.md, before:

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/main/TaskSyncExtension/icon.png" alt="TaskSync Logo" width="120" height="120">
  <h1>TaskSync</h1>
</div>

This simple prompt instructions helps you  work more efficiently, reduce premium request usage, and allow you to give the agent new instructions or feedback after completing a task. This is similar to Interactive/Enhanced Feedback MCP. 

## What This Does

TaskSync is a **terminal-based task agent** with direct terminal communication. Your coding agent will actively requests tasks or feedback through `$task = Read-Host "Enter your task"` command, executes tasks autonomously, and operates forever until you stop it.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/659fcd62-edef-4b94-bcd3-a99a6ae29c4e

## Features
- **Human-in-the-loop workflow** - Provide feedback or new task, saving you premium requests on your AI IDEs
- **Terminal-based agent interaction** - Your AI becomes a persistent terminal agent that actively requests tasks
- **Autonomous operation** - Agent runs continuously requesting and executing tasks 
- **Never terminates automatically** - maintains persistent operation until you explicitly say "stop", "end", "terminate", or "quit"


## Getting Started
1. **Get the TaskSync Prompt**: Copy or download the prompt from [here](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/main/Prompt/tasksync.md).
2. **Initialize Agent**: Provide the TaskSync v4 protocol file (`tasksync.md`) as context to your AI IDE or agent and type in chat: `Strictly follow TaskSync Protocol #tasksync.md` to activate.
4. **Agent Activation**: The agent immediately becomes a terminal-based autonomous agent and announces initialization.
5. **Task Input**: Agent executes `$task = Read-Host "Enter your task"` and waits for your input.
6. **Continuous Operation**: Agent requests tasks indefinitely until you say "stop", "end", "terminate", or "quit".

**Note:** Task must be entered as a single line. You can paste your task into the search bar, or into a new empty file and use "Join Lines" from the Command Palette to combine multiple lines.

### Alternative Option

<summary><strong>TaskSync VS Code Extension</strong></summary>

This version is using Version 3 that uses tasks.md for task input and log.md for updates.
For VS Code users who prefer an integrated extension experience:

[![TaskSync Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-Install_TaskSync-0098FF?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=4regab.tasksync-chat)

If you have issues installing the extension on other IDEs follow this guide: [VSIX Installation Guide](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/manage-extensions)

_Source code available in the [TaskSyncExtension](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/tree/main/TaskSyncExtension) folder - this is an open source project._

**Features:**
- 🎯 **Integrated Chat Interface**: Send tasks directly through VS Code sidebar
- 🤖 **One-Click Copilot Activation**: Click/send for initialization
- 📁 **Automatic File Management**: Creates and manages files
- 📎 **File Attachment Support**: Reference files for context
- 🏷️ **Task Categorization**: Organize tasks by type
- 💬 **Real-time Chat**: View conversation history instantly


📋 **[View Full Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)** - See detailed release notes and version history

## 📦 Previous Versions

If you prefer older versions of TaskSync, you can access them directly:


**TaskSync V3 (Web UI version added)**
- [V3 Protocol](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/1c3e0ab73517cb856607077b47ed77de0d05fb22/)
- File monitoring system with web UI

**TaskSync V2 (Enhanced)**
- [V2 Protocol](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/c6a9561b747eefaf6bfcf7a8a0a12dc07d549691/.global/tasksync.md)
- Terminal monitoring system with enhanced session management

**TaskSync V1 (Original)**
- [V1 Protocol](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/ac778f1c417f1239e38c15ca195862094a37bf76/.global/tasksync.md)
- Simple autonomous agent protocol with basic monitoring

## 🤝 Discussions

The TaskSync community can be found on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/discussions) where you can ask questions, voice ideas, and share your prompts with other people. Contributions to TaskSync are welcome and highly appreciated. 

## 📊 Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=4regab/TaskSync&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#4regab/TaskSync&Date)

⭐ Drop a star if you find this useful!

Commit message:

docs: Add Recommended VS Code Settings section to README
- Added new section with auto approve and max requests configuration
- Included JSON configuration examples for easy setup
- Added session duration best practice recommendations
- Positioned section logically after Getting Started

README.md, after:

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/main/TaskSyncExtension/icon.png" alt="TaskSync Logo" width="120" height="120">
  <h1>TaskSync</h1>
</div>

This simple prompt instructions helps you  work more efficiently, reduce premium request usage, and allow you to give the agent new instructions or feedback after completing a task. This is similar to Interactive/Enhanced Feedback MCP. 

## What This Does

TaskSync is a **terminal-based task agent** with direct terminal communication. Your coding agent will actively requests tasks or feedback through `$task = Read-Host "Enter your task"` command, executes tasks autonomously, and operates forever until you stop it.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/659fcd62-edef-4b94-bcd3-a99a6ae29c4e

## Features
- **Human-in-the-loop workflow** - Provide feedback or new task, saving you premium requests on your AI IDEs
- **Terminal-based agent interaction** - Your AI becomes a persistent terminal agent that actively requests tasks
- **Autonomous operation** - Agent runs continuously requesting and executing tasks 
- **Never terminates automatically** - maintains persistent operation until you explicitly say "stop", "end", "terminate", or "quit"


## Getting Started
1. **Get the TaskSync Prompt**: Copy or download the prompt from [here](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/main/Prompt/tasksync.md).
2. **Initialize Agent**: Provide the TaskSync v4 protocol file (`tasksync.md`) as context to your AI IDE or agent and type in chat: `Strictly follow TaskSync Protocol #tasksync.md` to activate.
4. **Agent Activation**: The agent immediately becomes a terminal-based autonomous agent and announces initialization.
5. **Task Input**: Agent executes `$task = Read-Host "Enter your task"` and waits for your input.
6. **Continuous Operation**: Agent requests tasks indefinitely until you say "stop", "end", "terminate", or "quit".

**Note:** Task must be entered as a single line. You can paste your task into the search bar, or into a new empty file and use "Join Lines" from the Command Palette to combine multiple lines.

## Best Practices and VS Code Copilot Settings

Because agent mode depends heavily on tool calling, it's recommended that you turn on "Auto Approve" in the settings. Note that this will allow the agent to execute commands in your terminal without asking for permission. I also recommend bumping "Max Requests" to 100 to keep the agent working on long running tasks without asking you if you want it to continue.

You can do that through the settings UI or via your user settings json file:

```json
"chat.tools.autoApprove": true,
"chat.agent.maxRequests": 100
```

It's best to keep the TaskSync session for 1-2 hours maximum since the longer the conversation, the more hallucinations may occur. Start it in a new chat session when needed for optimal performance.


### Alternative Option

<summary><strong>TaskSync VS Code Extension</strong></summary>

This version is using Version 3 that uses tasks.md for task input and log.md for updates.
For VS Code users who prefer an integrated sidebar extension experience:

[![TaskSync Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-Install_TaskSync-0098FF?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=4regab.tasksync-chat)

If you have issues installing the extension on other IDEs follow this guide: [VSIX Installation Guide](https://docs.trae.ai/ide/manage-extensions)

_Source code available in the [TaskSyncExtension](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/tree/main/TaskSyncExtension) folder - this is an open source project._

**Features:**
- 🎯 **Integrated Chat Interface**: Send tasks directly through VS Code sidebar
- 🤖 **One-Click Copilot Activation**: Click/send for initialization
- 📁 **Automatic File Management**: Creates and manages files
- 📎 **File Attachment Support**: Reference files for context
- 🏷️ **Task Categorization**: Organize tasks by type
- 💬 **Real-time Chat**: View conversation history instantly


📋 **[View Full Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)** - See detailed release notes and version history

## 📦 Previous Versions

If you prefer older versions of TaskSync, you can access them directly:


**TaskSync V3 (Web UI version added)**
- [V3 Protocol](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/1c3e0ab73517cb856607077b47ed77de0d05fb22/)
- File monitoring system with web UI

**TaskSync V2 (Enhanced)**
- [V2 Protocol](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/c6a9561b747eefaf6bfcf7a8a0a12dc07d549691/.global/tasksync.md)
- Terminal monitoring system with enhanced session management

**TaskSync V1 (Original)**
- [V1 Protocol](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/blob/ac778f1c417f1239e38c15ca195862094a37bf76/.global/tasksync.md)
- Simple autonomous agent protocol with basic monitoring

## 🤝 Discussions

The TaskSync community can be found on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/4regab/TaskSync/discussions) where you can ask questions, voice ideas, and share your prompts with other people. Contributions to TaskSync are welcome and highly appreciated. 

## 📊 Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=4regab/TaskSync&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#4regab/TaskSync&Date)

⭐ Drop a star if you find this useful!
